allow autoupgrade to do registration auto-detection (#555)
yast/yast-autoinstallation: README.md

  ```

Auto Upgrade
=============

Beside unattended installation this module provide also ability to do unattended upgrade.

### Features

> - semi automatic mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Semi automatic mode
```

> - without autoyast profile on cmd line, then read profile from /root/autoupg.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Without autoyast profile on the boot command line it reads the profile from `/root/autoupg.xml` file
```

> - with empty profile for online medium

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the Online installation medium the AutoYaST XML profile can be empty
```

### Testing

To test autoupgrade run upgrade with parameters `autoupgrade=1` and profile e.g.

> `autoyast=ftp://neser-vr.suse.cz/ay_upgrade.xml`. Following example profiles used

Reviewer: I'd use neutral `example.com`

```suggestion
`autoyast=ftp://example.com/ay_upgrade.xml`. Following example profiles used
```

for testing online and full media.

Online on registered system:

> ```

Reviewer: Enable XML syntax highlighting.
```suggestion
```xml
```

<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE profile>
<profile xmlns="http://www.suse.com/1.0/yast2ns" xmlns:config="http://www.suse.com/1.0/configns">
</profile>
```

Full on system without registration:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```
